This is Sister Jing
She is the celebrity around Master Xiong
Position call
Everyone misses
I have to say it.
But Sister Jing is a bodyguard
Don't look at her. She's a woman.
Dozens of strong men can't get into her body
It's right to be angry with Master Xiong
Back then, there was a short-sighted person who wanted to bully her
Not only was he abolished, but
That young man's father was still holding his ear
Apologize to Sister Jing
It turned out that she was from Chen Zhixiong
That's easy to do.
What is the boy yelling at?
Could it be that you also know Sister Jing?
Not really.
The owner of this bar is a mountain
Tiger Bear Lord Bear has never been here
Sister Jing is the head of this place
His level of existence
It is also the relationship you want to climb, you can climb the relationship
I'm not trying to get along
It's just that you Master Xiong want to climb into my relationship
Sent me a Supreme Purple Gold Card
It is said that the nobles also consume it.
Your boy is talking more and more
What is the identity of the eagle?
Can I give you this kind of trash?
Don't bluff me with this kind of thing
Although I have never seen the purple gold card
But that's a project of identity and status
None of us, Mr. Jie
Just you, you deserve it too
I kind of know this kid is a lunatic
Stop talking nonsense with him
Let go what are you doing
What's going on over there?
There seems to be something wrong with Sister Jing
Go and have a look.